What is it guys and what can I say now and this video we're going to be doing the tablet and the mobile
optimization.
OK.
So let's just start and you can see that we are already in the device builder.
I'll show you that how can you optimize your take for mobile and tablet for the home page you can do
that for every of your page that you have right now.
OK.
So let's get started.
First of all what you have to do you have to just come here and he can see that here are three columns
right here the same tablet mode and the SES the mobile mode.
This is how Arab state is going to appear on tablet and mobile.
OK.
So first of all they have to look at the tablet and how it is looking on the tablet mode they can see
that we have that title.
Everything looks cool.
We go down.
This looks cool this looks cool and everything looks cool right here still here.
OK.
And then we have the request a free consultation.
You can see this is not looking cool.
We have to customize it.
OK.
And then we have to customize.
No this is looking already cool.
We go down we have events we have done we have to customize this but I think it is looking cool.
We go down we have declined reviews options so let's go ahead and let's just customize those things
which are not cool.
So I'm going to come here I'm going to come here to request a free consultation right here.
I'm going to go to the design right here and here in this Guyra here I want.
So here I think that for this image right here we don't want this image on to show the tablet because
it is OK to shoot it without the tablet.
Because why this is I mean just not looking cool here.
So I'm just going to double click here and I'm going to go to the advance right here and I'm going to
go to the visibility and I'm going to disable this on tablet.
So this will be disabled on the tablet.
OK.
This is great coming here.
This will be disabled on the tablet mode.
OK.
So let's just come here.
Let's just go down go down.
And here we have this.
Everything looks cool here.
We have discarded here so let's see if we can make some changes to this.
So I'm going to go to the design right here.
I'm going to go to
I think everything looks cool right here.
Everything looks cool.
This is coming is for.
So if he cannot manage this we cannot add this much right here.
But I think it is totally OK so you can manage to
the image.
Let's go down let's go down
the sizing.
So here you can pretty well manage the sizing for the tablet.
So I'm just going to come here.
I'm going to decrease it a bit to create a bed till we get to 4 for economy here.
OK we're not getting the for a column here.
This is still sticking to the three column.
But if you go to the Desmonte you can see there are four calls right here.
So what we're going to do we're going to just come here and let's just click here let's come here and
let's just click this guy right here.
OK.
So I'm going to go to the site using and equalize column height and the
alignment center this right here.
Now we this is just showing the tree right here.
So we cannot work with this.
We cannot work this.
We have added this one right here so we cannot reach for this.
This is added.
This will appear like this.
OK.
So you cannot read with it.
You can control the sizing right here if you wanted to control the sizing but you can only control the
spacing.
OK I'm going to I'm just if I just make it like this like this you can see three columns are coming
I don't know why they must have a fix on this so that it will look great you can see on mobile devices
this is how it is looking.
I felt so decrease it.
You can see only fun column is coming.
So we cannot work for this.
We have the border right here as well the box Shatto the filters and the layout overlay M.H. No I can
not break for this OK so I'm going to go down I'm going to come here to this tablet.
And you can see everything looks cool in this.
So we don't have to work on it more.
OK.
I'm going to come here.
I'm going to hit the mobo one.
OK.
So let's see the mobo one.
First thing is this that we want to work with this guy right here we want to change the text of it.
We want to make it a little bit more.
So I'm going to come this come here and I'm going to select this guy right here and then I'm going to
shift to mobile because I don't know why it is not shifting me to move.
I'm going to go to the design right here I'm going to go to that title text.
And here I have this guy right here to make sure that mobile is selected.
You have to just make sure that you change the size of it.
So I'm going to change the size to be thirty four pixels
OK.
Everything looks cool everything looks cool here as well but these burdens are just coming like this
if I just remember I was sure you can see the sizes increasing and this burden is going down.
So I'm going to go to the Burton one as well and I'm going to go to
Biden a buttonhole where blogger radious So Barton and Bonhoeffer to the letter spacing only show icon
for buddy of mine.
So
you can see that if he remove the icon this will be applied to every one.
OK.
Every single post.
If I just removed from here and then I go to the.
This morning you can see that this is not even applying to this stuff.
So we need to show that icon but dumb this for what we can do is that we can just come here.
We can go to the Texas and we can decrease it to 16 pixels or if I just springless I can see everything
looks cool.
So we can just come here to the 16.
So from Mobile.
OK I'm going to go to the burden Turei here down below.
So mobile optimization is going to take some time.
OK because you have to focus on everything you have to see that what you can do to achieve everything.
I'm going to choose
what is the one that we chose in here.
So this is 20 pixel or but into
to make it more smaller 16 so 16 looks cool here.
OK.
Here we go.
What I'm going to do right now I'm going to save so you can see about the burdens of same size right
now and everything is coming totally ok.
I'm going to go down here we have the our services section everything looks cool.
I'm going to come here to the divider and make it a little bit more bigger.
I'm going to go with the sizing right here and the video should be for a smartphone must be bigger so
it should be like still here.
OK.
Here we go.
What I'm going to do right now I'm going to go to I'm going to go down go down.
Everything looks cool everything looks school here and here we have this.
I also want to remove this from this as well.
So I'm going to come here I'm going to go to the design right here because I don't want to show image
right here in this tab because this is not looking good.
I'm going to go to the advanced lab.
I'm going to go to the visibility and it is going to be disabled on the phone as well.
OK.
So let's go to discovery here.
Looks like this divider.
I'm going to go to the design.
I'm going to go to the sizing and I'm going to come here and I'm going to increase it.
OK let's go down.
And we have this one right here.
I'm going to also change this to be right here.
You can see that it is totally ok.
Optimization for the Wii is totally OK we just have to do some stuff and everything is already optimized
so you can basically make some changes.
This is used for make some making some changes.
Everything is already optimized for mobile.
You can see have this guy right here this is coming totally big so I'm going to go I'm here.
I'm just going to I'm here I'm going to go to.
I'm going to click here.
And let's just click this gear icon.
I want to go to the site is right here.
And the rest of this should be a little bit smaller and like to line this to center.
OK.
So everything is a to center.
I'm also going to align the text to the center right here.
I used to center.
OK.
Let's see if we go to this step.
Here is it applying to everything.
OK.
So we have to just make a left.
I'm going to go to discovery here again.
Let's go down let's go down let's go down and we have this divider right here.
I'm going to double click here and again see this is right here.
I'm going to go to the design.
I'm going to go to any mission and I'm going to change the sizing and I want to add the vet for mobile
should be still here.
Let's let's go down let's go down and everything is totally OK.
So you can see everything is all OK.
I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to hit save so you can see everything is saved.
Everything is totally up and running.
OK.
So thanks a lot guys for watching this.
Now we are done with the mobile optimization.
We're also done with everything.
This image is not looking good that is why we have removed this image this image will not appear on
the mobile and the tablets or everything pretty well looks cool
if you also want to remove this event.
And mobo tap because I don't know if it would look much better in that mobile optimization because no
one is ready to see the portfolio in Mobile so I'm going to go to the advanced tab and I'm going to
move this one forward because I don't want this on phones.
I'm going to come here and I'm going to hit tapes so you can see this is now turning like this so this
will not appear on the phone.
OK.
I'm going to come here and I'm going to hit Savery.
Now let's have a look at a Web site so I'm going to come here.
I want to open up my web site here.
Let's just refresh this.
OK.
And here we are going to decrease the size of it.
And let's see how it looks.
I'm going to come here and say this is how it is going to change it to the mobile one.
So this is how the mobile app take the look.
You can see however many like this.
We go down we have the burdens shortened burdens we have the size we have everything looking cool.
We go down you can see no images coming.
Everything is looking cool here.
Everything is looking well here and the portfolio is also gone.
So this is looking well let's just increase the size and you can see portfolio is right here.
OK.
We go up we go up.
No I mean just right here increase the size.
And here we go.
This is the full width for this top.
So now you can see everything is totally up and running.
And every state is fully optimized for mobile.
So this is very important.
Make sure that you optimize your bitrate for mobile because this is really important for you and stuff.
So thanks a lot guys for watching this.
Stay tuned.
And by.